Provide `Perform inner joins` article with method-based syntax examples (#36376)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/linq/perform-inner-joins.md

:::code language="csharp" source="../../../samples/snippets/csharp/concepts/linq/LinqSamples/InnerJoins.cs" id="inner_joins_4":::

The same results can be achieved using <xref:System.Linq.Enumerable.GroupJoin%2A> method, as follows:

:::code language="csharp" source="../../../samples/snippets/csharp/concepts/linq/LinqSamples/InnerJoins.cs" id="inner_joins_method_syntax_4":::

> note that this approach requires chaining the query results with <xref:System.Linq.Enumerable.SelectMany%2A> which creates the final list of Owner - Pet relation based on the results of group join. To avoid chaining, the single <xref:System.Linq.Enumerable.Join%2A> method can be used as presented below:

Reviewer: capitalization:

```suggestion
Note that this approach requires chaining the query results with <xref:System.Linq.Enumerable.SelectMany%2A> to create the final list of Owner - Pet relation based on the results of group join. To avoid chaining, the single <xref:System.Linq.Enumerable.Join%2A> method can be used as presented below:
```
